they've all checked my friend out in
California hey this is your good friend
from North Carolina hey dude what are
you doing I'm fixing to put some steaks
on the grill yeah i'm thinking of
tossing some steaks on the barbecue too
it's not a barbecue it's a grill
whatever grill BBQ who cares you people
from the West Coast need to get your
facts straight yeah and you southerners
need to chill out well you have fun with
your barbecue yeah and you have fun with
your grill to whatever bye I love
mistake rare and he like this well done
we get lots of rain and he gets the Sun
he calls the BBQ but it's really real
but the one thing that we both love that
gives us a three wheel of a one that's
the sauce for me we love a one love it
internally we love a one gotta get some
more we love a one on the right and left
shore well I like charcoal and he likes
gas he likes to take his time and I
Drive fast I like the west coast he
likes the south but the one thing we
both love that goes in our mouth we love
a one that's a sauce for me we love a
one love it internally we love a one
gotta get some more we love a one on the
rod and lash or
you